# OutSystems-Project

I have attached two versions of the map integration through Outsystems. The first is a simple view in OutSystems that initializes a leaflet map. I have created the map to default to Dallas,TX on initialization through a client action called, "Leaflet_MobileOnMapRender". Leaflet_MobileOnMapRender uses Assign to assign the latitude and longitude of the Leaflet map (In this case 32.7767, -96.7970 as coordinates for Dallas). Then flows to the, "AddMarker", client action enables the LayerObjects\AddMarker functionality from the Leaflet mobile plugin. Next it goes to another client action, "SetView", that uses the Functions\SetView functionality from the same Leaflet mobile plugin to create a default view/zoom scale on initialization.

The second map integration through Outsystems initializes from Google Maps. Using a google maps plugin, "Google Maps Mobile Samples", I created basically the same functionality as the leaflet map, however with google, I could integrate more features, such as, "GetLocation", which gives you a precise current location when when you click on the map marker icon on the top right of the emulated screen. Using Google's Maps JavaScript API and Maps SDK for Android, which is a map that provides imagery and local data from the same source as Google Maps, I was able to get the google map imagery for android emulators. This means that a traditional browser emulator will not work, however Outsystems provides a native platform android emulator that will. Another feature that is built in my mainflow is called,"CurrentLocation", which defaults the map upon initialization to Dallas, TX, and has a backup target of New York City, NY if for some reason the primary target's latitude and longitude are not valid.
